welcome back to movie shortens follow us
today to a movie titled 247 degrees be
aware there are spoilers
at the beginning of the movie jenna and
her fiance jamie are back home after
having dinner with their parents
just then jenna finds herself in a car
crash jaime appears to have died on the
spot she then screams for help
fast forward three years while dealing
with this trauma jenna is invited on a
day out with her best friend renee the
two join ian at his lakeside cabin along
with renee's boyfriend michael renee
asked jenna what she thinks about ian as
she thinks that he is kind and cute
jenna just smiles and changes the topic
to her photos taken on the lake
just then the four get on a boat and
sell off they meet with wade ian's uncle
and beau the friendly dog at the cabin
wade quickly gets to know ian's friends
as they take shots
jenna however refuses to drink and
decides to go inside for a rest they're
planning for a big party at a festival
near the cabin and the tickets are on
generous uncle wade after settling in
the cabin renee and michael head
upstairs for a little fun ian and jenna
share a beer while listening to some
music
at night the friends enjoy a cozy dinner
with wade after that wade says goodbye
and wishes the group a good time at the
festival he mentions that he may not be
around as he has work to do during the
festival later ian suggests spending the
first night at the cabin instead of
going to the festival ian reveals that
wade has built a new european style
sauna while everyone seems excited about
it jenna appears to be worried renee
consoles her saying that they'll go to
the party if she doesn't feel
comfortable at the sauna
jenna explains that she's afraid of
tight spaces now since having the
accident jenna decides not to take the
ptsd pills which she relied on after the
accident allowing her to have fun and to
let go
jenna finally makes it to the sauna with
the others
seeing that jenna is uncomfortable and
stressed due to the overwhelming heat
ian suggests swimming in the lake for a
quick refresh
they have a great time together freezing
cold they return to the sauna michael
now drunk drags renee before she is able
to enter the room he wants to have
another passionate night but she
explains that she doesn't like seeing
him in this condition disappointed
michael heads for the bathroom back at
the sauna a loud noise like equipment
falling is heard it seems that michael
must be very intoxicated and is fumbling
around
annoyed renee shouts out telling michael
to control himself but she refrains from
stepping out to check on him ian
attempts to calm renee down and advises
her to forgive michael
still pissed off renee has a second
thought and decides to check in on
michael strangely renee can't open the
door it seems to be stuck from the
outside
ian a sister but the door won't budge
at this point jenna panics and urges her
friends to let her out renee attempts to
comfort her but her attempts fail
jenna continues to be paranoid and
regrets not taking her medication
earlier thinking it could be one of
michael's pranks renee tells him to stop
as she doesn't find it very funny
however looking through the small window
on the door renee doesn't see michael
anywhere
ian tells rene to stop yelling and
moving as it can cause dehydration they
all believe that michael will come back
releasing them they each take a drink of
water waiting on michael's return
jenna thinks they should develop a plan
to get out before everyone suffers a
heat stroke this confuses renee ian
explains that the body stops trying to
cool itself and one will encounter
dizziness headaches and vomiting
eventually passing out renee suggests
turning off the controller but ian
exclaims that it is attached outside
avoiding corrosion at this moment jenna
finds a thermostat but its location is
on the other side of the door
there they could switch the heat off
however ian reveals that if they destroy
it it might shut the heater off entirely
or worse it might make it even hotter it
doesn't seem worth the risk renee acts
out of control and strikes the door
attempting to get michael's attention
eventually ian manages to cool off a
stone and attempts to break the thick
window at last he is successful but his
hand is injured renee and jenna take
turns inhaling fresh air a ladder seems
to be wedged between the doors
while enjoying the cool air ian tells
the girls that this is temporary the
drawback in breaking the window is that
the thermometer will register cold air
and turn the heat up to compensate just
then ian uses the towels covering the
rock trying to lift the ladder however
his efforts are useless the stone can't
reach the ladder desperate renee thinks
about smashing the thermometer ian
objects as he believes it would just
increase the temperature potentially up
to 250 degrees
jenna while gasping for air tries to
calm renee down the two then argue
blaming each other their fighting is
interrupted when ian spots something he
thinks that he can short out the light
hopefully blowing the fuse and stopping
the heater he then takes a bucket
jamming it into the socket
suddenly the light explodes and goes out
electrocuting ian
his approach doesn't work it causes the
lights to black out but the heater is
still on
meanwhile wade and his colleagues are
working at the fireworks station for the
festival back to the sauna ian hears
some noises outside and realizes it is
the dog bow the trio burst into tears as
they thought someone was there to help
them they shout loudly hoping uncle wade
can hear them the dog continues barking
but due to the fireworks no one hears
them next beau which appears to be
highly intelligent runs to wade and
signals that he has found something wade
finds the dog acting strangely as he
hasn't stopped barking as they arrive at
the cabin wade runs into michael he
explains that everyone left him alone on
the couch and have already headed to the
festival
michael recalls waking up from his
hangover and no one was home
michael arrives thinking the trio might
be at the party but the guards refuse
him as he has no ticket feeling sorry
for michael wade invites him to his
house instead of waiting for his friends
the two get in the car and command beau
seemingly reluctant to leave the cabin
to follow them the two talk about wade's
earlier idea of the sauna michael hardly
remembers being there when wade reminds
him about how drunk he was returning to
the sauna tired of waiting and running
low on water renee insists on breaking
the thermostat jenna tries to stop her
but accidentally hits renee with the
rock she collapses and becomes
unconscious on the floor
now it's jenna's turn to be terrified
she thinks renee won't make it because
she's bleeding so badly ian though
exhausted consoles the girl and says
renee will be alright jenna starts
freaking out and decides to break the
controller herself which only increases
the heat as ian previously warned ian
begins crying knowing that jenna's
action has put an end to any hope that
they have at this point ian begins to
act unusual as heat stroke is setting in
he laughs out loud and moves around the
sauna scaring jenna in a second ian
turns hysterical holding the heater
attempting to prevent it from increasing
its temperature in the end the heater
blows up killing ian instantly jenna
finally escapes the sauna she finds a
bottle of water and guzzles the whole
thing then she returns to her room and
starts to cry in despair
renee calls her name bringing her back
to the sauna scene it turns out jenna
was hallucinating from her wound ian's
action causes them both serious injuries
including gas poisoning from the broken
heater jenna gains consciousness and
brings renee to the window for some
fresh air jenna hangs renee carefully
with the towel so that she can breathe
meanwhile at the cabin michael still
unaware that his friends are trapped in
the sauna is pissed off that he was left
behind during this time jenna stops the
gas from releasing she lies on the floor
coughing badly telling renee that they
are now safe in the dead of the night
wade finds the sauna area in a complete
mess
absolutely shocked he sees renee's pale
face on the other side of the door the
police and ambulance soon arrive at the
cabin luckily renee and jenna have
remained alive
michael cries blaming himself for what
has happened as the girls clinch onto
their stretchers
like and subscribe to watch more videos
like this and don't forget to turn on
your notifications that really helps my
channel thanks for watching